Hello Auntie, at the beginning of the year, during the company's spring trip,
I took a photo of three people. The ladies there
said that people avoid taking photos of three people
standing in the middle because it brings bad luck. They
said that their friend had taken a photo of three
people in the middle and a few months later drowned. I was quite worried and I
hope you can explain this to me so I
can feel more at ease. Does taking a photo of three like that
have any negative consequences? Respectfully,
dear fellow practitioners, life or death depends on
one's karma. When people take photos,
their hearts are joyful; they haven't created any karma. They haven't killed,
stolen, committed adultery, lied, or been drunk or addicted, so why would they
die from karma? You can take photos of
as many people as you want, but only three people—
for example, a
married couple—are considered to be in love. Then they
pretend to be sisters and go there to take a photo. If that's the case, then one of the two
will die, one of the
two, the deceitful one, will
die. It's not a matter of which one dies,
right? It's due to karma, not the
heart.  If we do
good deeds honestly, we won't cause any karmic
retribution that could lead to death. Therefore, the issue of
abstaining from certain things is incorrect. As the
master explained in the auspicious omens sutra during the
2019 Dharma lecture, he
clearly stated that we should recognize that
anything that doesn't align with karma is
superstition, and we should discard those omens.
Only those that align with
karma should we
believe in. Therefore, learning about the
10 auspicious omens is best.
[Music]